SAYINGS

The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of
knowledge.
-- Stephen Hawking

Belief and Faith are not knowing, in fact they are obstacles to knowing.

Embrace doubt, confusion, uncertainty. Better answers and insights arise
from this than dogma.

Cultivate inner wealth. It'll never be taxed, you can't lose it, it can't
be stolen, and it's completely portable! Symptoms of Stealth Wealth include
presence, flexibility, patience, compassion, enthusiasm, spontaneity, and
curiosity.

There is a right speed to do things. Live too fast and you rip the fabric
of life, miss the moment and live shallowly. Live too slowly and you lack
courage and resolve, goals and drive. Live at the richest pace.

You're guaranteed to get older so be your future self's best friend now.

The feeling of abundance does not come from stashing away. It comes from
giving away.

Jumping from failure to failure with undiminished enthusiasm is the big
secret to success.
-- Winston Churchill

At the heart of science is an essential balance between two seemingly
contradictory attitudes- an openness to new ideas no matter how bizarre or
counter intuitive they may seem, and the most ruthless scrutiny of all
ideas old and new. This is how deep truths are winnowed from deep nonsense.
-- Carl Sagan

The trick is to keep asking why? until there are no more whys to be
asked. Is your final why answered with a belief; on what your parents or
peers told you, on what your culture says is true? If so, you are in
"church", and no matter how much you believe it, it may or may not be true.
If you find yourself in church start with scientific facts-like laws of
physics and mathematics and and reason up. Ask-" Is there any way this idea
disobeys the laws of physics?" Only then can you discover what is really
possible. This is called" reasoning from first principles."
--. com

The doing of the thing, is secondary to the presence that you bring.

It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the
strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them
better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose
face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who
errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without
error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who
knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a
worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high
achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring
greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls
who neither know victory nor defeat.Theodore Roosevelt

Write something brilliant and you'll be remembered forever.
-- Unknown

"Intolerance is the natural companion of strong faith. Tolerance grows only
when faith becomes less certain. Certainty is murderous"
-- Will Durant


